Rawn Riju 
rawnriju@gmail.com | 041 499 4257 | Tampere,Finland    
OBJECTIVE 
Current MSc student in Software, Web and Cloud at Tampere University with 4 years of professional 
experience as a Software Engineer with a passion for building user-centric applications and a proven track 
record in React, Node.js, and JavaScript frameworks. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
view26 (Actiotech LLP)  (Germany)                                                    
Sept. 2020 – July 2025  
Senior Front-end Software Engineer 
● Software Product Development (Scrum Manager App):  
○ Served as Lead Developer and Product Owner for this application that secured 2nd place in Atlassian 
Codegeist 2021 Hackathon. The app makes scrum management easier, from running daily scrum 
ceremonies, to planning for estimation and conducting sprint retrospectives. 
○ Improved application performance by 20% by optimizing state management and reducing initial load 
times. 
○ Built a companion Slack app and Chrome extension to facilitate synchronous daily scrum updates. 
○ Technologies: React, Recoil.js, JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js, MongoDB, Firebase 
● Data Visualization & Reporting Tools: 
○ Assisted in the development and maintenance of a proprietary charting library and “Charts & Reports” 
web app used by over 1,000 customers on the Atlassian marketplace. 
○ Helped in expanding the library with custom charts and enhanced customizability of charting in the app. 
○ Technologies: React, D3.js, Javascript 
● Cloud & Serverless Applications:  
○ Architected “Attachment Tags for Jira” on Atlassian’s Forge (serverless platform) and “Planning in 
Scrum Manager” for the monday marketplace which were ports for Scrum Manager on other platforms. 
○ Focused on building user-centric features that allow collaborative work estimations and tag-based file 
retrieval. 
ADDITIONAL PROJECTS & LEADERSHIP  
●  Q.E.D.: Developed an Augmented Reality crime-solving game application for the techno-managerial event 
Excel 2018 conducted by Govt. Model Engineering College. (Tech: Unity3D,Vuforia) 
● Technical Event Management : Also organized the event that the app was built for which had over 50+ 
participants with great coordination. 
EDUCATION    
Tampere University (Tampere, Finland)                                       
MSc. - Software,Web and Cloud 
Govt. Model Engineering College (Ernakulam, Kerala )                                  
B. Tech. - Computer Science and Engineering 
SKILLS & INTERESTS  
Aug 2025 – present   
Aug 2016 – Aug 2020   
● Soft Skills: Problem Solving, Team Management and Organization. 
● Technical Skills: JavaScript, React, Node,MongoDB,D3.js.  
● Interests: Football, Video Games, Reading, Fitness, Cooking 